Define Archive Action on Scheme (#529)
tuist/tuist: docs/usage/project.swift.mdx

  ]}
/>

### Archive Action

<PropertiesTable
  props={[
    {
      name: 'Configuration Name',
      description:

>         'Indicates the build configuration to run the archive with.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        'The build configuration Xcode should use to archive.',
```

      type: 'String',
      optional: false,
      default: '',
    },
    {
      name: 'Reveal Archive in Organizer',
      description:

>         "Indicates if the archive should revealed in Organizer on completion.",

Reviewer: The previous description you used single quotes `'` and here you used double `"` is this intentional?

>         "Indicates if the archive should revealed in Organizer on completion.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "If set to true, Xcode will reveal the Organizer on completion.",
```

      type: 'Bool',
      optional: true,
      default: 'true',
    },
    {
      name: 'Custom Archive Name',
      description:

>         "Indicates the custom archive name to be used.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "Set to customise the output archive name.",
```
